lib: nrf_modem: net_if: Kconfig changes and IPv4 only support (#15537)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/modem/nrf_modem_lib/nrf_modem_lib_lte_net_if.rst

.. _nrf_modem_lib_lte_net_if:

Network interface driver
########################

The LTE network interface in the  :ref:`nrfxlib:nrf_modem` is a Zephyr network interface driver for the nRF91 Series cellular firmware.

> By enabling the LTE network interface in the Modem library, you can control the nRF91 series modem as a Zephyr network interface, for example, :c:func:`net_if_up`, :c:func:`conn_mgr_if_connect`, and :c:func:`net_if_down`.

Reviewer: I suppose it should be like this here too. Also added a missing verb (adjust to your taste).
```suggestion
By enabling the LTE network interface in the :ref:`nrfxlib:nrf_modem`, you can control the nRF91 series modem as a Zephyr network interface, for example by calling :c:func:`net_if_up`, :c:func:`conn_mgr_if_connect`, and :c:func:`net_if_down`.
```

.. _nrf_modem_lib_lte_net_if:

Network interface driver
########################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

The LTE network interface in the Modem library is a Zephyr network interface driver for the nRF91 Series cellular firmware.

> By enabling the LTE network interface in the Modem library, you can control the nRF91 series modem as a Zephyr network interface, for example, :c:func:`net_if_up`, :c:func:`conn_mgr_if_connect` and :c:func:`net_if_down`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By enabling the LTE network interface in the Modem library, you can control the nRF91 series modem as a Zephyr network interface, for example, :c:func:`net_if_up`, :c:func:`conn_mgr_if_connect`, and :c:func:`net_if_down`.
```

.. _nrf_modem_lib_lte_net_if:

> LTE Network Interface

Reviewer 2: `LTE network interface` is the name of the Zephyr network interface driver for the nrf91 Series modem firmware.

I would call the chapter `Zephyr network interface driver` or `Network interface driver`, rather than `LTE network interface`, and begin explaining with:

```
The LTE network interface in the Modem library is a Zephyr network interface driver for the nRF91 Series cellular firmware.
By enabling the LTE network interface in the Modem library, you can control the nRF91 series modem as a Zephyr network interface, for example, :c:func:`net_if_up` and :c:func`net_if_down`.
```

#####################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

The LTE Network interface is intended to be integrated with and bound to a Zephyr network interface via the Connection Manager binding structure :ref:`conn_mgr_conn_api`.
It can be managed via Zephyr's network management API and the Connection Manager Connectivity API using calls such as the :c:func:`net_if_down`, :c:func:`net_if_up`, and :c:func:`conn_mgr_if_connect` functions.

.. note::

>    The nRF modem supports both IPv6 and IPv4. At any time, either IP families can be given by the network, independently of each other.

Reviewer 2: We should not call it the `nRF modem`

Reviewer 2: I would rephrase this entire part by saying just

```
The LTE network interface supports both IPv4 and IPv6.
The support is enabled automatically for whichever IP stack version is enabled in Zephyr.
```

Reviewer 2: And this brings me to a question.. should we allow to disable IPv4 and use only IPv6?

Author: It's not a big change so I can add that.
